what's the first day of worlds groups
with coverage presented by mobile it
exciting right now by America's hero
Corps JJ as well as Holman who's gonna
help translate core JJ you had such a
dominant performance against g2 why do
you think that is because I've heard
good things about g2 were you surprised
or is Samsung just looking that good son
to song they wrote oh I'm not Bosnia can
get a position they could want you to go
come get my twat might was a good run
Danny Sunday
I'm sorry gonna smear everything so
you'd okay : soon you don't singosaren G
OH - ke - ke hit and he passed me say oh
I think I get to do is say so I don't
happen to me
Tyra and she was intimidating me and
transonic and then you need sort of the
goal lines I'm adding will take a pan I
guess it so cool when John the paradigm
in the little guys a hydro tuned to song
I wrote to our band rocket Evan a Tom
don't watch da Matta I think G - I know
I know if you have a similar play style
they're both slow starters so that means
in Lane phase we didn't have too much
difficulties playing against their part
Lane and overall I think since we had a
better we thought I've got a better
composition late-game so as a game flow
that we thought that we had upper hand
in the late game and I played pretty
well now I didn't get a chance to see
the broadcasts or on the broadcast but
I'm very curious have you gotten a new
mousepad since last world's Japan ozone
is hugging and Digimon chun-yin go to
copy those hello mouth pathetically I
didn't know oh it's interesting when the
bowsprit aka mean I gotta go 200 so much
is in the mouth with my new epic and a
yogi and I take cream boys room Amiata
gonna let you go
Chun yen i sat on Tigger pedrad don't
know whatever so I think ruler is still
using the Dignitas mousepad from last
year and for me I personally really
sensitive of what kind of mouse values
so I changed my mouse at around 10 times
during the summer split very very good
now I also would like to ask you
about what how will you feel about
Samsung right now because there are
rumors that Samsung is really really
good and perhaps even the best Korean
team right now at least based on scrims
I am curious what you think of that
Qigong Samsung team atomic hardened and
Sony's some Tai Chi Yong Yong soo can
get away today which man comes on your
German contingent is a cotton kono kata
idea to Chengdu something called open do
could a tortilla machine a brassiere
painter grown grown food item to retire
up to the high rate on cotton and a
gradual jm2 Simoni Sasha didn't I don't
you know Janko big enough day to know
about spell I personally think that we
weren't that dominant to create that
kind of rumors but regardless I think
what's what's most important is to show
the results at the end of the day and I
would like to prove that now level with
me on North America at this event
because you're maybe a good person asked
this question based on practice and
everything that you've been seeing what
is North America's chances at this
world's even Monaco in geminon become
gear puku you know a specific day even
rhotuka vezo community note okay
alternately cotton G come on what he
imagined he buys medicine even a GE
bunny me Jong sanika dange to Herrera
who single me a window che cazzo go my
co-op - chicken - Kodomo tachi wasn't a
Emily who she's intent on man - Luke
ain't again Penrose so Ikeda we sell as
a personal na LCS fan I think this year
with the best opportunity for any LCS
teams to advance further in worlds like
even for group draw results they had the
best luck with them and
like their performance they're really
solid right now so I think this year
could be the year we're good
much like all na fans you're telling us
that this year might be the year so
you're one of us for sure I also would
like to know about your tarik in that
game against G - that was so
entertaining to watch can you talk to me
a little bit about your decision to pick
that and sort of how if if you think we
will see much of him this this world's
g9 come get the coordinates on the Atari
player
Beauty McHale to keep on there EJ you
adore Jay you don't re how much a
young incision gee those t9 congi is not
any good much mezzo machine on young
gear on I predict a different question
if I see me say oh oh she came to you in
single non-target came Johnny so Pam
Carter pop quit that I wasn't going to
my father's in the time I'm on that
woman then take it to me keyboards got a
play I could see Miko I personally think
Turk is a very fun champion to play and
he's very undervalued right now so I
think there'll be a lot of opportunities
to play him during these remaining
worlds as well and then finally I'm
trying to get a sense of what how all
the different top players practice can
you talk to me a little bit about what
practice looks like for you under normal
circumstances change okuru is a top
player chessani concerns did he attend
spongy take a nap in common do you don't
quote on him so no pattern
you don't pursue did he hit on Hong Kong
it's all transparent gu10 to one
directive toy a crooked son Jojo
gameplay on a nanny
g-man do you support Uncle Jim tomorrow
Sanka watch it play Bach to stone Teague
that I play with Angie you don't go at
all
try to get play Yuri talked a semester
came another woman
chicken-and-egg on Iran's Amish
community so even back when I was an ADC
I don't think I was one of those top
talented players but I think one thing I
might have been different is I try to
find purpose in that training in
practice so I just don't practice for
like new
hours but trying to find why I'm doing
this practice and what can I extract
from this practice and by doing that
making practice efficient is most
important we're good is there anything
you would like to say to any of the any
fans who cheer still cheer for you Raj a
Ducati Karuna winning Phillipe
indirectly my team asymptote is done
thank thank you for sharing our team and
me so I I'm sure everything everything
to my best so you can't see you can't
see me on BIOS Daisy
thank you very good thank you so much
for JJ I really appreciate it thank you
so much I went for translating for one
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things worlds here on my
youtube channel